# BinaryTranslator

This was a great project which tested my skills in object oriented programming, although I did have a nasty logic error in the last hour of submission which didn't allow me to achieve my full potential. But in terms of what works, I made a runner class that implements a couple of different classes that help decontruct the data into how I want it to be. The test cases are taken from the input.txt file and are the results are shown in the translated code. Packets that do pass a condition will the be send back in binary on the responses.txt file which is deleting and made new everytime the program is run. Overall I had a lot of fun on this project and learned and will gain from this a lot. The technical questions will be left below

1.)	There are many things that differ with languages like C++ and python. For one, C++ tends to be closer to machine language in a sense that it is a low-level programming language, which means that it tends to be a faster compiling language. On the other hand, python is a much higher level language with its code being close to a human language. Although this does make the language very useful for various applications, it often leads to a more complex compilation. But due to the high-level compilation it allows users to access open-source code. Which means that the applications of python are extremely diverse making things like machine learning and data analysis easy to program. But python is essentially C++ when the layers are unfolded. Since a lot of the code that python uses to run is C++ code. One other important difference between the 2 languages is that python is a dynamic language while C++ is a static language. This all comes down to how the data types are defined. In static languages must have the data type defined like int a = 5 while in dynamic languages are the opposite and just infer what the data type must. The last big difference is that the overall structure of the languages is different. C++ is an OOP and Python is a scripting language. A great example to explain this is with the project for this interview. In this project we are asked to make multiple classes that then interact with a main driver class. Which then means that classes that define object must be made to complete the task. Although python might be able to do this. I think that this file architecture suits an object-oriented language more. 

2.)	There are many things that come to mind when thinking about a the uses for a microcontroller. The first thing that comes to mind is low level tasks on a robot. Say, for example, that a robot needed to move right if given a command and then move left given another command. In this case a microcontroller would well handle this situation. Since offering more processing power to this robot is unnecessary, microcontrollers allow us to carry out simple tasks on robots efficiently and with a low cost. A real life example that comes to mind with this is a air fuel ratio computer on our cars. All we need to do is collect information from the air sensor and pipe it into a simple algorithm that the microcontroller then outputs a amount of fuel for the fuel injectors to spray out. 

3.)	When making a call the foremost step is to convert the sound that your diaphragm makes into a computer readable form. This is done through your phones microphone inputting sinusoidal or up and down pattern of electrical signals to your phone’s microcomputer. Then those millions of transistors work hard to compute a signal that your phone puts out like an antenna. This then goes to a local radio tower that can then communicate effectively to other towers across the world or locally. Depending on the range the signal from the radio tower is either sent to another local tower or to a communication satellite which then sends a signal back to another tower. 

4.)	A bit is the atom of the computer world, it is the building block of all technology. The reason you are reading this message is due to bits deciding to place a black pixel or a white pixel on the screen in front of you. Since everything is built on bits, bits are very important to understand and to manipulate. If one can manipulate bits with either code or any other sort of manipulation, an infinite number of tasks are opened up from deciding whether a light should turn on or if you need to connect to Wi-Fi to watch your favorite TV show.


